efficientNMSPlugin: support class-independent nms with new parameter class_agnostic (#2593)
NVIDIA/TensorRT: plugin/efficientNMSPlugin/README.md

|`int`     |`max_output_boxes`        |The maximum number of detections to output per image.
|`int`     |`background_class`        |The label ID for the background class. If there is no background class, set it to `-1`.
|`bool`    |`score_activation` *      |Set to true to apply sigmoid activation to the confidence scores during NMS operation.

> |`bool`    |`class_agnostic`          |Set to true to do class-independent nms, otherwise, different class would do nms respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`bool`    |`class_agnostic`          |Set to true to do class-independent NMS; otherwise, boxes of different classes would be considered separately during NMS.
```

Depending on network configuration, it is usually more efficient to provide raw scores (pre-sigmoid) to the NMS plugin scores input, and enable the `score_activation` parameter. Doing so applies a sigmoid activation only to the last `max_output_boxes` selected scores, instead of all the predicted scores, largely reducing the computational cost.

#### Class Independent NMS

> Some object detection networks/architectures like YOLO series need to use class independent nms operations. Do class independent nms if `class_agnostic` is enabled, otherwise, different class would do nms respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some object detection networks/architectures like YOLO series need to use class-independent NMS operations. If `class_agnostic` is enabled, class-independent NMS is performed; otherwise, different classes would do NMS separately.
```
